docs(bls): update how tos with new console experience MTA-5820 (#4678)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/block-storage/how-to/attach-a-volume.mdx

- Created a [Block Storage volume](/block-storage/how-to/create-a-volume/)
- At least one [Instance](/instances/how-to/create-an-instance/)

1. Click **Block Storage** in the **Storage** section of the Scaleway console side menu. The Block Storage page displays.
2. Click **Attach an Instance** under the **Linked Instance** section.
3. Select the Instance to which you want to attach your volume from the drop-down.
4. Click **Attach volume to Instance**.

Alternatively, you can attach a Block Storage volume the following way:

1. Click **Block Storage** in the **Storage** section of the Scaleway console side menu. Your volumes display.
2. Click <Icon name="more" /> > **Attach to Instance** next to the volume of your choice. A pop-up displays.
3. Select the Instance to which you want to attach your volume from the drop-down.
4. Click **Attach volume to Instance**.

> You can also attach a Block storage to an Instance the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also attach a Block storage to an Instance following the steps below:
```
